Unexpectedly, Wu Tengyu asked you to be the general manager
It seems that the chairperson of Tianxin Company is going to be replaced
How dare the minister speak rudely to Wu Dong
Believe it or not, Wu Dong can kill you with a single word
Did you know
It's because of me.
Wu Jiacai's trip to the top wealthy families in Beihai
Thousand Star Company became Daxia Country
The ceiling of the entertainment industry
Hu Tengyu is just my puppet
Humming
Words of knowledge
Immediately do as I just said
Otherwise, wait for Wu Dong to come
He knows you insulted the armed police like this
But it's not as simple as removing an arm
You don't need the phone.
I am Xiao Wuji
Arrive at the Dingsheng Hotel within 5 minutes
Otherwise, the Wu family or
Hmph, I've never seen someone who asks for death so actively
He actually took the initiative to call Wu Dong
Wait for Wu Dong to come
See how he treats you
I only know that you have 5 minutes left in your life
Oh, no.
Four and a half minutes.
And it's not just you.
Wu Tengyu was also punished when he came
Dare to speak wildly when you are about to die
What are you?
Not even worthy of supporting Wu Dong
Xiao Ji, I won't stop you from courting death
But don't implicate our family
Wu Teng also knows about your relationship
Mo Yan will have no future in the entertainment industry
Scared now
It doesn't matter, I want Zhao Mengyan to accompany me for a while
Wait for Wu Dong to come
I would naturally distance myself from him and this kid
Of course, he can still continue to be close to Tianxin
Ahhh
Dare to scream again
It will kill you now.